Functional - Performance Test cases;

Verify if a user will be able to login with a valid username and valid password.
Verify if a user cannot login with a valid username and an invalid password
Verify the login page when both the field is blank and Submit button is clicked.
Verify the error message, when a blocked user tries to login
Verify the error when of the field is blank
Verify login with different users, all accepted users should be in the range mentioned below the page
Verify if you use "Standard" as a username, you will get error message;" Username do not match any user in this service"
Verify if you use numbers in username field,you will get error message;" Username do not match any user in this service"
Verify if you use symbols like *<&<^<%<$<#<@ in username field,you will get error message;" Username do not match any user in this service"
Verify if you use password other than "secret_sauce" in the password field, you will get error message;"Password do not match any user in this service"
Verify the login page for both, when the field is blank and Login button is clicked.
Verify if you left password field blank, you will see error message; Epic sadface: Password is required
Verify if the data in password field is either visible as asterisk or bullet signs.
Verify if the login page allows to log in simultaneously with different credentials in a different browser.
Verify if the ‘Enter’ key of the keyboard is working correctly on the login page.
Verify the time taken to log in with a valid username and password. (Performance Testing)
Verify if the font, text color, and color coding of the Login page is as per the standard.(UI Testing)
Verify the login page and all its controls in different browsers. ( Browser Compatibility)

Security Test cases;

Verify if a user cannot enter the characters more than the specified range in each field (Username and Password).
Verify if a user cannot enter the characters more than the specified range in each field (Username and Password).
Verify the timeout functionality of the login session.
Verify if a user should not be allowed to log in with different credentials from the same browser at the same time.
Verify the Login page against SQL injection attack.
Verify the implementation of SSL certificate.

